ACCOUNTANT
Accounting
Professional Summary
To obtain a position in a fast-paced business o fice environment, demanding a strong organizational, technical, and interpersonal position utilizing my skils and attributes. Attributes Self-motivated and honest; good work ethic E fective working alone or as a cooperative team member Reliable and hard-working; thorough in completing projects Committed to exce lent customer service
Core Qualifications
Intermediate Word Advanced Excel PowerPoint Intermediate Access Accounts Receivable Accounts Payable QuickBooks Enterprise Outlook Customer Service
Experience Accountant
January 2011 to November 2015 Company Name ï1/4 City , State
Processed accounts receivables payments received by ACH, Lockbox, Credit Card and Checks. Maintained a l banking activity.
Documented a l loan and other payments to the proper G/L Accounts. Review and maintain a l positive pay processing with the bank.
Review and processed accounts payables reports.
Processed a l accounts payables by check, domestic and international wires, ACH, and credit card. Reconcile a l bank statements.
Maintained a l credit card activity for a l credit card holders, documented transactions to the proper G/L Accounts. Calculate and process a l Sales quarterly commission reports.
Review and complete a l credit checks and reference checks on new customers.
Maintain and file the quarterly reports for the Job Development Credit with the State of South Carolina. Order passports and Visa's for international travel.
Accounts Receivable Clerk
January 2008 to January 2010 Company Name ï1/4 City , State
Performed data entry.
Processed accounts receivable payments.
Reconciled delivery driver's cash and checks with daily invoices.
Corresponded with customers through email and phone ca ls on overdue invoices. Sent bi-weekly and monthly statements.
Created and maintained monthly inventory depletion and sales reports to suppliers. Balanced and solved problems with customer's accounts.
Filed customer and suppliers invoices. Ran daily trial balance.
Ran the end of day closing reports.
Mortgage Underwriter
January 2006 to January 2008 Company Name ï1/4 City , State
Processed new residential mortgage loan submissions.
Provided clear and consistent written and verbal communications with customers/clients.
Provided a strong analytical aptitude for reviewing credit reports, bank statements, preliminary title reports and appraisals. Corresponded with customers, loan o ficers, and account managers for information needed.
Commercial Auto Underwriter
January 2004 to January 2006 Company Name ï1/4 City , State
Processed new business commercial auto applications and issued endorsements. Performed data entry, reviewed applications, loss runs and driving records.
Provided clear and consistent written and verbal communications with customers/brokers. Gail L.
Lugo Page 2 864-472-7092.
Personal Auto Underwriter
January 2001 to January 2004 Company Name ï1/4 City , State
Processed new business, renewals and endorsements.
Performed data entry, reviewed applications, loss runs and driving records. Processed account receivable premium checks for insurance premiums.
Consistently resolved and answered customer concerns and questions by properly and promptly reviewing policies, endorsements and premium payments.
Claims Examiner
January 1983 to January 2001 Company Name ï1/4 City , State

Trained coworkers on multiple tasks and administrative functions.
Reviewed medical records and made decisions regarding disability payments. Performed data entry.
Created, designed and maintained various insurance documents which complied with Truth and Lending regulations. Responded to and resolved a l customer inquiries via telecommunications and written correspondence.
Developed and maintained measures of self-directed teamperformance which improved workflow. Consistently exceeded company goal of required number of paid claims per hour.
Performed journal entries and ledger postings.
Reconciled bank statements, budget accounts, and accounts receivable/payable records.
Rapidly promoted from Level I to Level III within a one-year period due to exce lent work performance.
Education
Computer Applications Specialist Certificate Program: 2008 Martinez Adult Education, Business Training Center ï1/4 City , State Skils
accounts payables, accounts receivables, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, administrative functions, trial balance, banking, budget, bi, closing, Computer Applications, Credit, clients, Customer Service, data entry, delivery, driving, email, insurance, inventory, ledger, Access, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word, mortgage loan, Enterprise, policies, QuickBooks, Sales, sales reports, telecommunications, phone, workflow, written
